[Kommander] 2.1.1 Release Notes (#3964)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/release-notes/2.1.1/index.md

When attempting to delete a DKP cluster from AWS where you have permanent credentials, The 'dkp delete' command fails with SIGSEGV. As an alternative, manually delete your cluster. (COPS-7109)

### DKP installer fails to follow respective AWS --region or Azure --location flags

The installer flag for AWS `--region` or Azure `--location`are not enforced in the target cluster. We corrected this isssue and the correct flags generate in the cluster.yaml files. (COPS-7101)

### Broken documentation links

Some hyperlinks on the Major Version Upgrade to DKP page were not working. We corrected these issues. (COPS-7099)

### Some items are not moving with DKP move command

When making a pre-provisioned cluster self-managing, the `PreprovisionedInventory` object and SSH key secret were  not moved to the target cluster. We corrected this issue. (COPS-7079)

### RBAC and Grafana dashboards access

Unable to access the dashboards for RBAC and Grafana, when a using the url for logging and monitoring. (COPS-7072)

## New features and capabilities

<!-- Add new items, if any -->

## Component updates

The following services and service components have been upgraded to the listed version:

> - centralized-grafana: 17.2.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- centralized-grafana: 18.1.1
```

- centralized-kubecost: 0.20.0
- cert-manager: 0.2.7
- dex: 2.20.5
- external-dns: 2.20.5
- fluent-bit: 0.16.2
- gatekeeper: 0.6.8

> - grafana-logging: 6.13.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- grafana-logging: 6.16.4
```

- grafana-loki: 0.33.1
- istio: 1.9.1
- jaeger: 2.21.0
- karma: 2.0.0

> - kiali: 1.29.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- kiali: 1.29.1
- knative: 0.18.3
```

- kube-oidc-proxy: 0.2.5

> - kube-prometheus-stack: 17.2.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- kube-prometheus-stack: 18.1.1
```

- kubecost: 0.20.0
- kubefed: 0.8.1
- kubernetes-dashboard: 5.0.2
- kubetunnel: 0.0.7

> - logging-operator: 3.13.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- logging-operator: 3.15.0
```

- metallb: 0.12.2

> - minio-operator: 4.1.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- minio-operator: 4.1.7
- nfs-server-provisioner: 0.6.0
```

- nvidia: 0.4.3

> - project-grafana-logging: 6.13.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- project-grafana-logging: 6.16.4
```

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Kommander 2.1.1 Release Notes
title: Kommander 2.1.1 Release Notes
menuWeight: 20
excerpt: View release-specific information for Kommander 2.1.1
enterprise: false
beta: false
---

**D2iQ&reg; Kommander&reg; version 2.1.0 was released on December 23, 2021.**

[button color="purple" href="https://support.d2iq.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409215222932-Product-Downloads"]Download Kommander[/button]

To get started with Kommander, [download](../../download/) and [install](../../install/) the latest version of Kommander.

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>You must be a registered user and logged on to the support portal to download this product. New customers must contact their sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@d2iq.com">sales@d2iq.com</a> before attempting to download or install Konvoy.</p>

## Release summary

This release provides new features and enhancements to improve the user experience, fix reported issues, integrate changes from previous releases, and maintain compatibility and support for other packages used in Kommander.

## New features and capabilities

<!-- Add new items, if any -->

> ## Known issues

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be Fixes and Improvements?  All the items listed below are bugfixes, not known issues.

```suggestion
## Fixes and Improvements
```

Author: I like your verbiage better, I was only copying down from what we did before.

### DKP delete fails in AWS

> When attempting to delete a DKP cluster from AWS where you have permanent credentials, The 'dkp delete' command fails with SIGSEGV. As an alternative, manually delete your cluster. (COPS-7109)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the 'dkp delete' command could fail with a SIGSEGV when attempting to delete a DKP cluster from AWS where you have permanent credentials. (COPS-7109)
```

### DKP installer fails to follow respective AWS --region or Azure --location flags

> The installer flag for AWS `--region` or Azure `--location`are not enforced in the target cluster. We corrected this isssue and the correct flags generate in the cluster.yaml files. (COPS-7101)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the the AWS `--region` or Azure `--location` installer flags were not being enforced in the target cluster. (COPS-7101)
```

> ### Broken documentation links
> 
> Some hyperlinks on the Major Version Upgrade to DKP page were not working. We corrected these issues. (COPS-7099)

Reviewer 2: I don't think we've ever documented fixing docs pages before in release notes, seems kind of strange and Meta since the evidence of the problem is now missing...  :-)   I don't feel like this adds anything useful to the release notes:

```suggestion
```

Author: @cneth - we were not sure if customers who entered the COPS ticket follow up, so figured no harm to mention. The rationale being you all in Support can use it as a sort of "look, we're listening to you!" sort of thing, if you want/need it. Or we can take it out, no problem,

> ### Some items are not moving with DKP move command
> 
> When making a pre-provisioned cluster self-managing, the `PreprovisionedInventory` object and SSH key secret were  not moved to the target cluster. We corrected this issue. (COPS-7079)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Some items were not move by the DKP move command

An issue where the `PreprovisionedInventory` object and SSH key secret were not moved to the target cluster when making the cluster self-managing was corrected.(COPS-7079)
```

> ### RBAC and Grafana dashboards access
> 
> Unable to access the dashboards for RBAC and Grafana, when a using the url for logging and monitoring. (COPS-7072)

Reviewer 2: This issue was resolved in 2.1, and shouldn't be listed in the 2.1.1 RN again.

```suggestion
```
